Update screenshots for Druid console doc (#12593)
apache/druid: docs/operations/druid-console.md

  ~ under the License.
  -->

Druid includes a web console for loading data, managing datasources and tasks, and viewing server status and segment information.
You can also run SQL and native Druid queries in the console.

> The following cluster settings must be enabled to use the Druid console. Note that these settings are enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the following cluster settings o use the Druid console. Note that these settings are enabled by default.
```

will show console users the files that the underlying user has permissions to. In general, avoid running Druid as 
root user. Consider creating a dedicated user account for running Druid.

This topic presents the high-level features and functionality of the Druid console.

## Home

> The home view provides a high-level overview of the cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Home** view provides a high-level overview of the cluster.
```

Each card is clickable and links to the appropriate view.

> The home view displays the following cards:

Author: ```suggestion
The **Home** view displays the following cards:
```

* __Status__. Click this card for information on the Druid version and any extensions loaded on the cluster.
* [Datasources](#datasources)
* [Segments](#segments)
* [Supervisors](#supervisors-and-tasks)
* [Tasks](#supervisors-and-tasks)
* [Services](#services)
* [Lookups](#lookups)

> You can access the [data loader](#data-loader) and [lookups view](#lookups) from the top-level navigation of the home view.

Author: ```suggestion
You can access the [data loader](#data-loader) and [lookups view](#lookups) from the top-level navigation of the **Home** view.
```

![home-view](../assets/web-console-01-home-view.png "home view")

## Data loader

> The data loader allows you to load data by building an ingestion spec with a step-by-step wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the data loader build an ingestion spec with a step-by-step wizard.
```

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the data loader to build an ingestion spec with a step-by-step wizard.
```

![data-loader-1](../assets/web-console-02-data-loader-1.png)

After selecting the location of your data, follow the series of steps displaying incremental previews of the data as it is ingested.
After filling in the required details on every step you can navigate to the next step by clicking **Next**.
You can also freely navigate between the steps from the top navigation.

Navigating with the top navigation leaves the underlying spec unmodified while clicking **Next** attempts to fill in the subsequent steps with appropriate defaults.

![data-loader-2](../assets/web-console-03-data-loader-2.png)

## Datasources

> The datasources view shows all the datasources currently loaded on the cluster, as well as their sizes and availability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Datasources** view shows all the datasources currently loaded on the cluster, as well as their sizes and availability.
```

![tasks-status](../assets/web-console-09-task-status.png)

## Services

> The services view lets you see the current status of the nodes making up your cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Services** view lets you see the current status of the nodes making up your cluster.
```

You can group the nodes by type or by tier to get meaningful summary statistics. 

![servers](../assets/web-console-10-servers.png)

## Query

The **Query** view lets you issue [Druid SQL](../querying/sql.md) queries and display the results as a table.
The view will attempt to infer your query and let you modify the query via contextual actions such as adding filters and changing the sort order when possible.

From the ellipsis menu beside **Run**, you can view your query history, see the native query translation for a given Druid SQL query, and set the [query context](../querying/query-context.md).

![query-sql](../assets/web-console-11-query-sql.png)

> The query view can also issue queries in Druid's [native query format](../querying/querying.md), which is JSON over HTTP.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also use the query editor to issue queries in Druid's [native query format](../querying/querying.md), which is JSON over HTTP.
```

> To send a native Druid query, start your query with `{` and format it as a JSON object.

Reviewer: Don't all JSON objects begin with `{`?

Author: True. Rewording the previous sentence and removing the redundancy

Author: ```suggestion
```
